# Crash-Bonanza
This is a central place where people can post some of the common crashes that the community faces and the possible fixes and advice to workaround and prevent these issues. What started out as a guide on Nexus will hopefully become a place whether my sistrens and brethrens from the entire modding community (Steam, Nexus, Reddit, Love*****, and others) can come together to make the ultimate Skyrim experience a commonality for everyone(at least until ES6 comes out). 
# Github Process
The way I have this setup is that users can upload a noted problem or crash with its apparent fix. It would be great to have it in the same format that I have for the other crashes, but if you don't, and the crash has been proven to be a common issue amongst the community, I can edit it and accept the pull request. I already have set folders for the type of crashes/freezes that occur. If there is something that is out of the scope of the folders mentioned, you can still make a pull request out of the folders and I will check it out. 
The steps to uploading a suggestion are as follows: Add a new file(preferably in the folder that the crash belongs to) in <Code> under Crash-Bonanza. Type in your following crash and possibly your fix for the issue. Then submit as a new branch for a pull request. You can name it whatever you want but it would be better to name it something that is identifiable and related to your issue. You can sumbit a following comment along with it should you need to. If the crash is accepted, I will merge your branch to the main one and delete the branch with the pulled request.
